Lambda Function:
    A Lambda function is small anonymous function
    A Lambda function can take any number of arguments but can have only one expression.

Synatx:
    Lambda arguments : expression

Use:
    The power of lambda function is better shown when you use them as an anonymous function inside
    an another function.


OOPS: Object Oriented Programming Language.

    Python is an object Oriented Programming Language.
    Almost every thing in Python is an object, with its specific properties and methods.
    A class is like an object constructor or a blueprint for creating an objects.

Create a class:
    Create a class by using a keyword : class 
    For eg:
        Create a class name as Myclass, with a property named x:

Create an object:
    Creating an object by calling a constructor:
        A constructor is default function with the same name as the class name.

The __init__() functions:
    All class have a function called __init__(), which is always executed when the class is being
    initiated.
    Use the __init__() function to asssign values to the object properties, or other operation that are
    necessary to do when the object is being created.


    A self parameter is a reference to your current instance of a class, and it is used to access your
    class variable or class methods.


The Pass Statement:
    Class definition cannot be empty, but if you having class with no content for some reason, put in
    the pass Statement to avoid getting error


OOPS concept:
    Inheritance
    Polymorphism
    Encapsulation

    Exception Handling
    File Handling

Inheritance:
    Inheritance allows us to define a class that inherites all the properties and methods from 
    another class.

    Parent class : Is the class being inherited from, also called base class.
    Child Class : Is the class that inherits from another class, drieved class.

    If a class having is-A relationship. Child class having full rights to access all the properties
    inside the parent class.

    Python has a special function called super(). THis function that makes the child to inherits 
    all the properties of its parent.